ChatGPT helps you get answers, find inspiration and be more productive. It is free to use and easy to try. Just ask and ChatGPT can help with writing, ...
Introducing ChatGPT
We've trained a model called ChatGPT which interacts in a ...
Download ChatGPT
Download ChatGPT Use ChatGPT your way. Talk to type or have a ...
For Teams
An always-improving superassistant for every ...
Pricing
Is the ChatGPT API included in the ChatGPT Plus, Teams, or ...
ChatGPT for enterprise
Redefine work in the age of AI. Enterprise-grade security and ...
More results from openai.com »


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AI Overview
Learn more
…
💪 Mastering Manual Handling: Tips for a Safer, Healthier ...
Manual handling is the act of moving or supporting a load by hand or using bodily force, such as lifting, carrying, pushing, pulling, or lowering. It can involve moving objects, people, or animals. 
Manual handling is a common cause of workplace injuries, including musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) and repetitive strain injuries. These injuries can affect the arms, legs, and joints, and can have a long-term impact on a person's life. 
Some factors that can increase the risk of injury from manual handling include:
The weight of the item
How many times the item needs to be picked up or carried
The distance the item needs to be carried
Where the item is picked up from or put down
Any twisting, bending, stretching, or other awkward postures that may be required 
Some ways to help reduce the risk of injury from manual handling include: Providing tailored training, Changing attitudes and behaviors, Analyzing working practices, Engaging management and involving workers, and Making better use of equipment. 
Manual handling at work - Musculoskeletal disorders - HSE
25 Mar 2024 — Manual handling means transporting or supporting a load by hand or bodily force. It includes lifting, putting down, pus...
HSE
Manual handling | Health and safety | UNISON National
What is manual handling? Manual handling involves lifting, carrying, lowering or otherwise carrying or moving a load by hand or bo...

UNISON
Getting help with manual handling risks in your business - HSE
25 Mar 2024 — Changing attitudes, behaviours and providing tailored training. Do you need help in: analysing working practices to ful...
Health and Safety Executive
Show all
